docs(en-US): manage users using ac (#74)
logto-io/docs: docs/docs/recipes/manage-users/using-admin-console.md

Admin users could create a new account through Admin Console in the name of an end-user.

> On the "User Management" panel, click the "+ Add User" button.

Reviewer: "User Mgmt" here is confusing.  just say sth like "in the upper right corner"

Author: After adding the screenshot, it will be clear enough?

Author: Updated. PTAL

```markdown
On the "User Management" panel, click the "+ Add User" button in the upper right corner.
```

Reviewer: i was saying about remove the second "User Mgmt"

> On the "User Management" panel, click the "+ Add User" button.

Author: ```suggestion
On the "User Management" panel, click the "+ Add User" button in the upper right corner.
```

> On the "User Management" panel, click the "+ Add User" button in the upper right corner.

Author: ```suggestion
Click the "+ Add User" button in the upper right corner.
```

> In the dialog, fill out the username and full name, and click the "Add User" button to confirm.

Reviewer: In the opening modal

> In the dialog, fill out the username and full name, and click the "Add User" button to confirm.

Author: ```suggestion
In the opening modal, fill out the username and full name, and click the "Add User" button to confirm.
```

> After successfully adding, copy the **username** and **initial password** to send to the end-user.

Reviewer: "successfully adding" sounds weird.

Author: maybe?
```suggestion
After adding, copy the **username** and **initial password** to send to the end-user.
```

:::caution

> After closing the "Add User" dialog, you can no longer view the password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the "Add User" modal is closed, you can no longer view the password.
```

> If you forget to keep it, you have to [reset the password](#reset-user-password).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you forgot to keep it, you can [reset the password](#reset-user-password).
```

:::

## View and update user profile

> On the "User Management" panel, click the user table row to jump to the "**User details**" panel.

Reviewer: ditto. you can upload screenshots now

Author: plan to add in another PR. maybe keep it for now?

Author: wait for Guamian to provide the screenshot, and will add them later.

> If you forgot to keep it, you can [reset the password](#reset-user-password).

Reviewer 2: forget?

> If you forgot to keep it, you can [reset the password](#reset-user-password).

Author: ```suggestion
If you forget to keep it, you can [reset the password](#reset-user-password).
```

> On the "User Management" panel, click the user table row to jump to the "**User details**" panel.

Author: ```suggestion
Click the user table row to jump to the "**User details**" panel.
```

You'll see the user profile, including the avatar, full name, user ID, email, phone, username, social connections, etc.

"Social connections" is a list of social connectors the user has connected to. Suppose the user has signed in with Facebook using the social connector; a "Facebook" item will be on the list.
See [identities](../../references/users/#identities) for details.

The full name, avatar image URL, and custom data are editable, the social connections are removable, and the other properties are read-only.

:::danger
Before removing the social connection, you SHOULD confirm the user has another sign-in method, such as another social connection, phone number, email, or username-with-password. Otherwise, the user CANNOT sign in to this account again.
:::

:::info
Don't forget to click "Save changes" after updating.
:::

## View user activities

On the "User details" panel, switch to the "**User logs**" sub-tab.
You'll see the user's recent activities in the table, including the action, result, related application, and the time when the user acted.

> Click the table row to see more details in the user log, e.g., the IP address, user agent, and raw data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the table row to see more details in the user log, e.g., IP address, user agent, raw data, etc.
```

## Delete user

On the "User details" panel, click "MORE OPTIONS" -> "Delete" button.

:::danger
Be careful! The user data deletion CANNOT be undone.
:::

## Reset user password

On the "User details" panel, click "MORE OPTIONS" -> "Reset password" button.

> After successfully resetting, copy the username and new password to send to the end-user.

Author: ```suggestion
After you reset the password, copy and send it to the end-user.
```

Reviewer: kk

> After successfully resetting, copy the username and new password to send to the end-user.

Reviewer: avoid using an -ing word to express a result?

Reviewer: don't think the user needs the username
